---
id: 37
title: One Week
author: Wyatt
excerpt: Playing the waiting game....
layout: post
guid: http://blog.hackerforhire.org/?p=37
permalink: /2005/12/01/one-week/
categories:
  - Rants
---
I hate waiting. It drives me banana sandwich. No, scratch that. It drives me up a banana sandwich tree. It&#8217;s been one whole week since my interview with Xetron and I&#8217;ve heard nothing back. Now I know that I&#8217;m not supposed to get a call for at least a week, but I don&#8217;t think that I&#8217;m entirely irrational in thinking that a week and a few minutes would be a good time for a call :). Yeah, I know, I&#8217;m full of crap, but you learn to live with these things. Actually, they said it would probably be longer than a week, but I think that what I&#8217;ve been working on these past few days has been annoying the crap out of me.

Anyone who&#8217;s read this blog knows that I&#8217;m fed up with work for the stupid stuff that they make me do. I would have to say that&#8217;s not nearly as frustrating as not being trusted at work. I have no idea how many times I, Eric, and Micah told them that the backup solution was horrid and we would be up shit creek (yes, creek, not crick you damn hillbillies) without a paddle, but no one would ever believe us. After I became the only engineer, I raised the same point. It was again ignored. Then a server needed to be restored from scratch. Two days. Two days trying to restore a server from backup tapes that were supposed to work. I had to go back two quarters to get portions of the system that were just &#8220;mysteriously&#8221; missing from the backup tapes. I would like to take a moment to say that Retrospect is the **WORST** backup software on the market. I hope someone from there calls me up and says &#8220;Why would you say our software sucks? You are supposed to be a partner with us and sell our software.&#8221; just so I can tell them why they are worthless. But back to the topic, no trust to the engineers. It&#8217;s because of incidents like this that I want nothing to do with my current company. My new phase I&#8217;ve adopted is

> I&#8217;m an engineer; by default, I am right.