---
id: 90
title: RTFM!!!
author: Wyatt
excerpt: reading the damned documentation
layout: post
guid: http://blog.hackerforhire.org/?p=90
permalink: /2006/03/29/rtfm/
categories:
  - Rants
---
As most any Linux user, I like to thing that I know what I&#8217;m doing with the systems I have to work on &#8230; but that does not imply that I am above **reading the damned documentation**. If you go to any person in this community with a blatantly stupid or obvious question that could be answered by reading the F.A.Q. or the documentation, you&#8217;ll generally find the first response is &#8220;check the website&#8221; or &#8220;rtm.&#8221;

For those of your who aren&#8217;t good with acronyms, you&#8217;ll find everything you want to know about RTFM [here][1].

I only say this because at 4:30 today, my boss decided that it would be a fun idea to install a [Honeywall][2]. Now, I&#8217;m familiar with the project and the concept behind it; however, I&#8217;ve never implemented or read anything about design the &#8220;honey net.&#8221; So anyway, my boss, downloads the CD, burns it, and tried to install it. First question I get, &#8220;What do I do now?&#8221; &#8230; What the hell do you mean what do you do now??? That&#8217;s the stupidest thing I&#8217;ve head all day! How the hell am I supposed to know what you should do? So here&#8217;s as close as I can come to the dialogue:

> Boss: What do I do now?  
> Wyatt: What do you mean what?  
> Boss: Well, it&#8217;s done installing &#8230; now what?  
> Wyatt: Do you have a login screen?  
> Boss: I don&#8217;t know.  
> Wyatt: (looks at screen) I&#8217;d login if I were you. What&#8217;s the username and password you setup?  
> Boss: I didn&#8217;t set one. So what now?  
> Wyatt: Well, if I were you, I&#8217;d read the manual.  
> Boss: (chuckles) No, seriously, what should I do now?  
> Wyatt: Seriously, I would read the documentation. 

The pain goes on in the same Abbott and Costello fashion until I decided that I was done. Fortunately, a good friend retried the &#8220;Lets go out and shoot stuff!&#8221; routine from Monday. It worked tonight. I have to say, shooting is so relaxing &#8230; not just the bang, but the concentration and skill required as well. The bang makes it all the concentration and effort worth it though :-).

 [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RTFM
 [2]: http://www.honeynet.org/