---
id: 219
title: 'That&#8217;s It'
author: Wyatt
layout: post
guid: http://blog.hackerforhire.org/?p=219
permalink: /2008/07/20/thats-it/
categories:
  - Evil
  - Rants
---
I&#8217;m really, *really* tired one of our ex-customers. I have allowed to this charade continue on long enough by allowing myself to be over-ruled in decisions on how to handle this situation we have gotten ourselves into. Basically, we have taken the approach that we can be successful in business by being appeasing people. While I&#8217;m not opposed to being nice to customers or people, I refuse to yield to threats or attempts to exploit work. That being said, this is the email I **considered** sending back to Paul, who has been attempting to steal services over the past two years from my team under the guise that he would &#8220;sue us for not signing another contract to work with him.&#8221;  
<!--more-->

> Do you guys still have that front website design you created when we first began? I finally found someone from china that understands the program.

No. We don&#8217;t have it. We didn&#8217;t have it the last time you asked either. Read your damned emails for once in you life. If that&#8217;s too hard, get your kid to read them to you. You seem to write emails at the level of a 4th grader, maybe a 4th grader could make you understand it. As mentioned the last time, the &#8220;front website design&#8221; was not part of the initial contract. The site was also specifically written to interface with our billing API. Being as you probably won&#8217;t read anything unless it&#8217;s in giant AOL-asshole letters, let see if you can read:

NO, WE DON&#8217;T HAVE IT! IF WE DID HAVE IT, I WOULDN&#8217;T GIVE IT TO YOU! AND THEN, EVEN IF I DID GIVE IT TO YOU, IT WOULD BE IN THE FORM OF ME PLACING IT IN YOUR JAIL CELL AFTER THE COPS ARRESTED YOU!!!

> One question I had is the software program you used to upload the pictures will not do any other application ex. (Word,excel,pdf&#8217;s). Do you know were you got it at and what would you recommend me to use for that feature.

Yeah, I know where we got it. We wrote from scratch you fucking numb-knuckle. It&#8217;s an &#8220;image uploader&#8221; it&#8217;s not going to upload your cluster-fuck of PDF-s that you somehow cobble together into a business unless you have your new Chinese business partner build it in. You&#8217;re new Chinese buddy should be able to see that. If he doesn&#8217;t see that, he doesn&#8217;t understand the program and he&#8217;s probably ripping you off. But I hope you&#8217;ve already advanced him some cash because I&#8217;d love nothing more than to see you go bankrupt again.

Email me again and I swear I&#8217;ll call the cops for harassment, the FBI for Internet-cyber-stalking, the IRS for you not paying your taxes you fucking thief, Microsoft for an software-piracy suit against all you for all your stolen software, and the local news station to tell everyone how you screw your clients out of real estate deals and steal stuff from BPO houses.

Hell has a special place reserved for you. It&#8217;s going to be the spot where I put my boot up your ass every 5 minutes for all of eternity.

Go rot.

Love to hate, don&#8217;t hate to love,

Wyatt